These are examples of AR learning Apps I have explored. And these are my findings.

* Touch surgery surgical videos
by Digital Surgery Ltd

ONBOARDING
After installing the app. The first screen you see is a registration page.
Asking you to create an account or sign in if you already have one.

You then accept some license agreement

Next the user is asked for a first name and last name

Another page is displayed and user is then asked for their profession. There 
are options to choose from. Here is the list:
	* medical professional
	* surgical professional
	* dental professional
	* nursing and allied health
	* industry partner
	* patient
	* None of the above

Note: Which ever option you choosd, it becomes and remains highlighted.

I chose 'none of the above' but regardless of the choice chosen, the next page
displays the same options to choose fro

Note: Users can return to previous page even if they move to the next page.

Next page is a list of medical topics of interest for the users to choose from.
The confirm button is grayed out but it becomes active when an option is chosen.

Which takes me to another page to choose a secondary interest. Which differs and
updates based on the choice from the previous menu.

Once that is chosen the user is made to choose how they want to view content. They
could:
	* Watch surgical videos
	* check out interactive 3D simulations
	* watch webinars
	* upload my surgical videos
	* get the latest surgical news
	* discuss surgery
	* something else
They can chose one or multiple options to work with.

Once this is completed. It says all done which welcomes the user into the app.


MY FINDINGS:

3D models used are not interractive based on user hand interractions. Rather they are done
using sliders on screen to rotate the model

Swiping from left to right takes you to the next content

Models quality is very smooth and appealing. Properly modelled, textured and lit properly.

There are small annotation dots that displays and hides its content when clicked.

Each model has a note beneath that is on top of a white frame. Which can be extended to 
reveal more information when required

Extra parts like the test must be downloaded as packages into the app before they can be
used.

DRAWBACK: It isn't AR. That is the content doesn't merge or interract with the physical
world. The user is kept entirely in the app.

POSITIVE: It is a great learning resource for medical practices.
There are prompts on screen that users tap or slide a dot to to activate a preanimated
interraction.